create-swagger-event (#210)
amplication/docs: docs/plugins/plugin-events/create-swagger.md

---
id: CreateSwagger
title: Create Swagger
sidebar_label: Create Swagger
slug: /plugins/plugin-events/CreateSwagger
---

# Create Swagger

## Description

Creates the Swagger file.

## Event Name:

`CreateSwagger`

## Event Params

```ts
export interface CreateSwaggerParams extends EventParams {
  template: namedTypes.File;
  templateMapping: { [key: string]: any };
  fileDir: string;
  outputFileName: string;
}
```

### template

> A template file, used to generate the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A template file, used to generate the default swagger file.
```

> This is the default template for this event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default template for this event: https://github.com/amplication/amplication/blob/next/packages/amplication-data-service-generator/src/server/swagger/swagger.template.ts
```
